are you think I okay ready
Adams gonna speak in Polish blow Nigeria
to tie on Parma if you don't align
Alexei kusuda person to announce a 10
pound Tommy Emmanuel hmm column she
knows go she's Gulf common a black t-top
Imam Jack so be ready to determine the
act according to the ship's militia
proposed to Jones get know ye poor
quality me check percent coming our own
accord without the demand on occasion
Tom right okay this is a column switch
to English now this a question of about
how to put a few basic chords together
where I start sounding you like I like
music because I have my subscribers now
they know the basic chords okay they
would like to play a few songs right
hopefully they can move from one chord
to another small fee but I need some
ribbon so what would you be - well the
first thing is first of all if you've
got some knowledge of chords then you
probably either want to learn songs that
you can play with someone else or that
you can sync right so you get yourself
either a book or some kind of help as
far as the chord shapes and and the
right chords for dead certain song say
if you want to play Hotel California you
know it's in B minor
on a dark desert highway gift shop I
play it shut down I bring my thumb over
the top you because I want to get there
we talked about the importance of
playing old words with the phone I only
use the thumb because I can a lot of
people don't use the tongue because
they've got little thumbs or whatever
but I want to tell you that my thumb has
changed shape over the years because of
my desire to to get certain sounds look
like that Frizzle you can get all
different sounds for them
involves basic chords in the first
position he ever subjective out on the
good rhythm well you first of all when
you're when you're playing chords to a
song you go tap your foot that that's
one of the first things tap your foot in
time and you see this I have a little
tuning here made by a cog and one side
of it is a metronome I still practice
with the metronome to help me understand
what real time is and so when I started
out as a guitar player
I was playing rhythm for my brother so
we were playing music like level but
where my part was like this
now as you're watching me play you'll
see how relaxed my ride and is
and I modeled my early rhythm playing on
Bruce Welsh from the shadows he was my
big influence you know and then later on
so many other good rhythm players and
then of course the other thing that I
want to point out to you is the tone
that I'm getting through it I'm not I'm
not banging away on it you know
see and it's just a guitar but it's
spelling out the chords the time and the
feel but everything just by the way I'm
strumming it would you recommend from
the beginning to start with the pick or
rather the heart for the pig yeah
definitely but probably turn to to play
rhythm I use a combination and sometimes
I play with what we call a fan tick here
as Ellen does and sometimes I play with
a straight pick and sometimes I play
with doe pick look ma no hands
um Edie yeah sometimes I play with it
with a thumb pick and and straightly
when I first started finger picking I
did it with a straight pick because I
didn't know Chet Atkins was using a foam
finger
so I started want this so I played the
punching bag like that don't want this
finger in
and that worked well for me because I
could play that and then my brother
would take a solo an arm and then
immediately go so forth but then once I
got the thumb pick or the thumb pick on
them that made it a lot easier for me
but I still figured a way of being able
to place trumped with the with the
thumping yeah don't leave every playing
solo a leading time with the company so
it sounds great yeah and it's really
difficult because people who play faster
solo or leader where I mostly use it
took a long time to be able to build
them to be able to play single line
melody with a thumping thank you very
very much your work the last step is to
for me just to translate jinke I'm a
postdoc as a person